Update readme and user stories (#78)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Target user profile**:

* Home chef
* Prepares meal orders at home
* Sells meals to clients through delivery
* Individual business owner
* Tracks orders, inventory and revenue
* Types quickly
* Prefers typing to mouse interactions
* Comfortable with CLI applications

**Value proposition**: The application allows home chefs who are individual business owners to track orders and revenue.
They can easily and quickly create new orders by copying bookmarked client and recipe details.
They can also use the app to track the status of their inventory.

> Some business statistics are available to help the home chef make business plans.

Reviewer: Do you think this sounds better?
```suggestion
Some business statistics are available to help home chefs make business plans.
```

Author: Yup

    <td>I can create multiple orders for the same client</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Add a price to an order</td>
    <td>I can keep track of my revenue</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Delete orders</td>
    <td>I can delete cancelled orders</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Edit orders</td>
    <td>I can update the details of my orders</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Find orders by keywords</td>
    <td>I can find a specific order</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>View all orders</td>
    <td>I can view all my current orders</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Mark an order as done</td>
    <td>I can set the status of an order</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Mark an order as undone</td>
    <td>I can reverse the changes to made to the status of an order</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Add a recipe</td>
    <td>I can copy details from a recipe to easily fill up the details of an order</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Delete recipes</td>
    <td>I can delete unused recipes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>HIGH</td>
    <td>Edit recipes</td>

>     <td>I can update the ingredients used in recipes</td>

Reviewer 2: Maybe can change to this if we're allowing them to make changes to more than just the ingredients
```suggestion
    <td>I can update recipe details, like changing the ingredients used or recipe name</td>
```
